Document image registries (#434)
kubernetes-sigs/prometheus-adapter: README.md

$ helm install --name my-release prometheus-community/prometheus-adapter
```

Official images
---

> All official images for releases 0.84 and above are available in [gcr.io](http://k8s.gcr.io/prometheus-adapter/prometheus-adapter). The project also maintains a [staging registry](https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/k8s-staging-prometheus-adapter/GLOBAL/) where images for each commit from the master branch are published. You can use this registry if need to test a version from a specific commit, or if you need to deploy a patch while waiting for a new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All official images for releases after v0.8.4 are available in [gcr.io](http://k8s.gcr.io/prometheus-adapter/prometheus-adapter). The project also maintains a [staging registry](https://console.cloud.google.com/gcr/images/k8s-staging-prometheus-adapter/GLOBAL/) where images for each commit from the master branch are published. You can use this registry if you need to test a version from a specific commit, or if you need to deploy a patch while waiting for a new release.
```

> Images for versions prior to 0.84 are only available in unofficial registries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images for versions v0.8.4 and prior are only available in unofficial registries:
```

- [Setting up the custom metrics adapter and sample
  app](https://github.com/luxas/kubeadm-workshop#deploying-a-custom-metrics-api-server-and-a-sample-app)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
